Hello everyone and am betty
welcome once again to my channel today
I bring you an old school gameplay that
He called when everyone went to the
cabbage with normally with the m-40 for one
formerly, many were also used
bars with the bow that I do not like
a lot because accuracy is the truth
that goes down quite a bit and well I will explain
a little bit how to play sniper
It makes me tell you that I tell you three years
more or less before it was implanted
the rule that if you went with a bow that
you were good player and just what
I am going to count, because they are experiences
you know I've had a lot with this
Youtube
I'm going to explain a little how you can
before montages leave in the description
as much mine as of other people that equal
you do not know now but yes they were
important in your day for example the bon
ixe operator perry and well I could
say countless of them I do not know if
also that the zinc channel today
it is used for assemblies or excess of other
people that good because they will be the most
important in the past and today I'm going to
tell a little bit of what it was about
formerly and today the same is done
also not but not so much with something that
formerly it was looking for 12
people or 18 in a land war
they were all with him and pedrosa were what
it was called the spice per lo vi and good
because that was trying to make who fitz
but not of four but of kits of a
know how many deaths
what happens what happened with those
they are there but I saw that there were many setup
and what about recipes because I do not know
He recognized exactly as a player
not then a good player was a
person who got a click 78 but
Of course it happens that these people are
they really let themselves be killed then
Then he did not see them and
they said not like that and not less with acts
then the first person who changed
to regular good the regular with what
it would be if I was the cob was jacques I'm
sure you know now what else does
She is a very important person
that separates a little from optique because
You already know what hats he was in
optics
and well, they were two of the first
people to use as the regular scouts
and good from then on, but
changing things were no longer done
so many is hyper I saw it was frowned upon
if there was a person he would upload a montage
with a co it was a topic it is
those who and good were left to do the
sniper I saw it in simply with your
team then good where ever in a
such dominance what happens what good
also first of all the first person
that I saw that I was doing this because it's the same
sure you know her now is the grid
what happens to me a little bit like me
except me talking about in the community
Spanish that was a bit the pioneer and
then everyone started doing it
It happened a little like me not
he was the pioneer and then there were people
It's not that I did better because
you know that mounts say gray then
they have millions of visits only one
has millions of visits and that's why
because he threw it initially paid to
him when he started to like an assembly
every three months but then it started to
do it every six months every year and at
less for me that's what left me
like him but then if he took a
assembly of three parts but good is
it was eternal and I did not like that anymore
today circuit continues to make more than
that
gameplays with because it's like what we
has happened to the whole world we started with
the assemblies I did not do before
comments you have in the comments
I started doing English then no longer
I passed it to Spanish but the same thing happens to me
and is that when going from the assemblies
weekly to the engine
to comments although it is what also
it's not starting now but it's what
who is liking more now because
you really see if a person is good or
no and then because the comment is
center entertaining because you fucking mother
do not
well I have few deaths left is not
a gameplay of the best because I said
well let's get us a job with
arc for the topic that I'm taking today
and it takes a long time without playing with
the bow almost that is not a big one is good
It's not bad, it 's not bad, you know that
I do not care about the deaths that
have now it's running out
I remember that below you will have what
first then my montage is a stick or
three will leave and then of people who
the snyder community was important
because the past you see it and then already
you comment missing is that it has been
bully 20 I hope you leave comments
I like it and you know all that is
doing returns for mister bolivia a
greeting and until next time